---
tags: [iOS, TestFlight]
---
On Monday, April 6th, I documented more of my source code for Mancala, and tried to look at the crashlog I received from a tester in TestFlight. Usually when you get a crashlog from TestFlight you open it in Xcode and a backtrace will be shown just like when you are debugging and hit a break point, except not while the app is executing. However, my crashlog was pointing to lines of code that did not make sense. [Several sources](https://www.raywenderlich.com/2805-demystifying-ios-application-crash-logs) say you need to [symbolicate the crashlog](https://www.bugsnag.com/blog/symbolicating-ios-crashes), which means translating the references to your code's functions from the raw memory addresses in the crashlog to the meaningful identifiers of your classes and methods.

From what I researched it seems like this should only be the case when you are getting a crash log from a release build, i.e. from a user who downloaded your published app who sends you the crashlog from their physical device (requiring them to sync with iTunes). My crashlog came from a TestFlight user on build 1.2.2 and the backtrace seemed to be symbolicated incorrectly, even though I kept my archive of that build and I have the dSYM file. I realized that because I have edited the source code since releasing test build 1.2.2, my source code won't line up with where the crashlog is expecting each line of code to be when I view it in Xcode.

### The Solution

If I had been more regularly using Git, I could just revert to a commit from the time I released build 1.2.2. Unfortunately I have only been making commits whenever I made fundamental changes to the code base and created milestone branches. So the best thing I can do now is to release a new build, 1.2.3, and create a new branch for that build. Then, I will make a new branch for 1.2.4 and work on that one until I am ready to release that to TestFlight. This way, when any testers who are on 1.2.3 have a crash and submit a report, I can roll-back to 1.2.3 and the crash log will sync up with my code. As for the crash that just occurred for a user on 1.2.2, I can only hope that my changes have addressed the bug.
