---
title:  "Making my first website with Jekyll"
date:   2020-06-02 14:29:58 -0500
permalink: welcome-to-jekyll.HTML
tags: jekyll
---
Today I installed Jekyll, a static website builder that uses Markdown, HTML, CSS and [Liquid][shopfiy liquid]. I'm looking forward to making my first website as the service page for my first iOS app, _Mancala Fantasy - Online_

I set up Ruby, Gems, and Jekyll. I also set up a GitHub Pages repo which will not only store the "source code" files that I make, but it will host my website from the files generated by Jekyll. In other words, I can write my webpages in markdown, and Jekyll will convert them to html. I can write the html myself too, and any custom css or javascript files and Jekyll will incorporate those as well. But the really cool thing is using Liquid in these files to create conditional statements that Jekyll will compile into html for the final product. From the creation standpoint, this really turns a 'static' website into one that is 'dynamically' generated.

I am going to leave default post below for posterity:
<hr>
> Jekyll also offers powerful support for code snippets:

{% highlight ruby %}
  def print_hi(name)
    puts "Hi, #{name}"
  end
  print_hi('Tom')
    #=> prints 'Hi, Tom' to STDOUT.
{% endhighlight %}

> Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll-docs] for more info on how to get the most out of Jekyll. File all bugs/feature requests at [Jekyll’s GitHub repo][jekyll-gh]. If you have questions, you can ask them on [Jekyll Talk][jekyll-talk].

[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/
[shopfiy liquid]: https://shopify.github.io/liquid/
